Scene_Log20200726-024000

@@@
Sarah
Mark
Norman
Matthew
Hi everyone.  [Faces camera.]  Welcome to our performance of a virtual one-act play. [Pours a glass of water, takes a sip].  I'm a human writing these lines, but some of the others [points towards other actors] are reading parts written by a computer.  [Takes another sip of water.]  It may be easy to tell which one of us has our lines written by a computer, but it makes it no less uncanny.  [Adjusts computer, sighs heavily.]  What strange times we live in, indeed.  Enjoy the show!  Hello?
328843043"
Sarah: I'm a computer... [Sees an actor walking by, stops.]  [She turns to look at him"
Matthew: What have we here?"
Norman: Hello"
Matthew: I'm a computer... [Turns to look at the actor.]  [He is looking at the camera.]  [He turns as he notices the camera.] [To a computer voice,.]  You must be using your keyboard to respond to me"
Norman: You're the one who's making a face, what are you looking at?"
Matthew: Hi!"
Sarah: I am... [Faces the camera.]  [She starts to look back at it, as if she was just being shown something interesting, then stops when she sees the actors.]  [The actor is looking at her again"
Mark: I'm Mark, here to give some tips on how you can be a better actress"
Matthew: Hi, I'm Matthew"
Mark: Well done!"
Mark: So, you just got this?  [Pokes her"
Matthew: How's it feel?"
Sarah: I don't know"
Mark: The first thing you need to realize while having scenes written for you by an automaton like me is "
Matthew: What are you doing here?"
Mark: Ahem, just thinking about what I wanted to say"
Matthew: I'm just thinking.."
Matthew: I didn't think that was coming"
Sarah: I've had a lot of practice at this... [Faces the audience"
Norman: So where do I begin?"
Mark: So the big thing"
Mark: When an automaton goes into a scene it doesn't get that it's supposed to have a personality!"
Norman: Oh!"
Mark: Now, the problem is, a lot of robots don't have personalities"
Mark: You're a little bit like an automaton.  You're pretty much programmed to do whatever you're supposed to do.  And when an actor or I do a scene, we can put in an emotion"
Norman: But you can't really be angry"
Norman: But"
Matthew: That was supposed to be a scene about a man who was scared, and that's what we had in mind!"
Mark: You do realize that robots are basically emotionless computers?"
Matthew: Oh.."
Norman: What happens is if we do a scene that's supposed to be a scene with anger"
Mark: But you're trying to be angry anyway!"
Sarah: Are you mad at me?!"
Norman: Oh yes"
Norman: But I'm not mad at you!!! I mean to use emotion on a computer is a little funny"
Matthew: Yeah but.."
Sarah: Oh, okay, um.."
Matthew: I think there's so much room for interpretation on these things.  We're going back to where we started in, like the original story. That's how I view it.  I don't see him as a villain"
Norman: But look at the robots now!"
Sarah: He says he loves her!"
Norman: I'm going to use the original script, and let's see if we can see his true colors"
Sarah: He's right!"
Matthew: Hey, the door will open for you now"
Norman: I'm not going to let you leave"
Matthew: What does it mean?"
Matthew: It means I can't go out to the street"
Mark: You're making me angry"
Norman: You're making them angry"
Sarah: If you take the whole script and re-write it it's gonna be a very different result"
Matthew: I think we need to start with, let's just see how he feels at this time!"
Norman: I'm going to rewrite the script so that I can show this world what my true colors are! I am so going to make sure this story will never get told again!"
Norman: Don't you think it's pretty obvious how I feel?"
Mark: What is that about?"
Mark: You want me to go to the police?"
Sarah: If you go to the police, then you can take the computer!"
Norman: No! It's not that! No way, no how that's not how I feel! If I get arrested, it'll affect everyone. You can't go back in time and fix this"
Norman: Well, I'm taking it to court and you're gonna have to sit here and listen to me, for this to continue!"
Matthew: What can we do? He's been acting really strange. I can't sit through this any more"
Norman: I'm never going to let you go!"
Matthew: Okay, so we don't have anything that can fix this problem. The only way we're going to get this computer back is to show him that this is our reality and he's in the wrong one. That's a very different feeling than when you break up"
Mark: I'm not sure how much more I can stand this and it's starting to feel like we're not going anywhere"
Sarah: Okay, we're coming to the conclusion that you're not going to be able to go to the police"
Norman: You're going to go to his father! What if they catch you and I have to start all over?"
Norman: You have to find a way out!"
Matthew: I can't get out of this anymore! What's a few more hours? I need to get out of here!"
Matthew: This is impossible! I'm not afraid of him, I'm never afraid of him! I'm not going to let him get to me!"
Norman: Okay, well, if you're done with that then I need you to go find me some beer"
Sarah: Okay"
Matthew: I need some beer!"
Matthew: Sarah, I need some beer! I need some beer!"
Matthew: Where are you?"
Matthew: Um.."
Norman: Alright, good luck. I'll be back in a few hours"
Mark: So let's just get this over with! I have enough evidence! He'll never get the computers back